Added version 8.6 and 9.0 with the new pos.load() as mandatory (#91)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/web_sdk/customization/window-miam.md

- `setHookCallback(callback: (isLogged, isPosValid) => boolean) => void`: [Set up hook callback](../set-up-and-usage/hooks)
- `setForcePosCallback: (callback: (posExtId: string) => boolean) => void`: [Receiving baskets from affiliated websites](./affiliated-websites)

## window.miam.pos
- `load: (externalId) => void`: Call to inform Mealz that the point of sale has been updated. Either initialized or updated.

  :::info
  Do not forget to call `pos.load` again after each time the store changes
  :::

  :::warning

>   Even without point of sale selected, this method needs to be called with `null` or `undefined` as parameter. Otherwise the library will not work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Even without a selected store, this method needs to be called with `null` or `undefined` as parameter. All features of the library that need a store won't start until miam.pos.load is called. (Otherwise it can't tell the difference between "the store has not been initialized yet" and "the user has not chosen a store)"
```
